No space to think
in that broom cupboard.
Is it safe for you to be here?
Extradition between France
and the United States...
...is a bureaucratic nightmare,
you know that.
I think they might find a way
to make it work in your case.
Look, I, uh, brought these for you to give
to the kids when you have a chance.
It'll take more than
the occasional stuffed animal...
...to convince those children
they still have a father.
I'm just doing what I know.
I'm doing what you taught me.
I never taught you to be a thief.
No, you taught me to navigate
people's minds.
But after what happened...
...there weren't a whole lot of legitimate
ways for me to use that skill.
What are you doing here, Dom?
I think I found a way home.
It's a job
for some very, very powerful people.
People who I believe can fix
my charges permanently.
But I need your help.
You're here to corrupt
one of my brightest and best.
You know what I'm offering.
Let them decide for themselves.
- Money.
- Not just money.
You remember.
It's the chance to build cathedrals,
entire cities...
...things that never existed...
...things that couldn't exist
in the real world.
So you want me to let someone else
follow you into your fantasy?
They don't actually come into the dream.
They just design the levels
and teach them to the dreamers. That's all.
Design it yourself.
Mal won't let me.
Come back to reality, Dom.
- Please.
- Reality.
Those kids, your grandchildren...
...they're waiting for their father to come
back home. That's their reality.
And this job, this last job,
that's how I get there.
I would not be standing here
if I knew any other way.
I need an architect
who's as good as I was.
I've got somebody better.